# OSRAM
LED Car Headlights – Look and Style for your Car
LED Car Headlights – Look and Style for your Car
Why stick to old halogen lights, when the world is moving towards LED bulbs?? The old dull bulbs took the charm away from your car and now you must revive that beauty again – and we must say, “Go for the looks first!!!”. LED car lights are not just energy-efficient but provide a style to your vehicle - a much-needed panache. They help you with a crisp beam of natural light that illuminates the entire road while driving. 
Now, what are LED lights?
Let us take you on a technical journey with easy to understand terminology. LEDs are Light Emitting Diode and they generally emit light by the energy gained from the movement of electrons in a highly efficient manner. Lasting longer than their other counterparts, LED lights lit up instantaneously and are tremendously efficient. Frequently used in tail lights, LEDs are a solution to the problem of low-intensity car headlights. LED bulbs for cars throw out light that is very much closer to the natural light and is the main reason they are now being used in full (low and high beams) headlights too.
LEDs are also used as daytime running lights too. They consume an almost negligible amount of energy, thus increasing the car’s daytime visibility. Now manufacturers have started offering these daylight LED car lights as a standard feature and not just for high-end cars but also for mid-range cars too. 
Digital LED car headlights
Now there were LEDs then LED headlights and now Digital LED headlights. Yes, it's advancing every day. There are loads of scope for the engineers to experiment with these lights. The driver can drive with their headlights turned up high as it can shut on and off on selected areas depending on the oncoming traffic. This technology in LEDs is very effective as it prevents the drivers from getting blind to oncoming cars. Though an expensive variation that comes with selected LEDs, it is thus available in selected luxury cars only. With technical advancements evolving at an uncatchable speed, these digital LEDs will soon get introduced to smaller segments too.  
Upgrading to an LED headlight makes your drive safer and improves the overall performance of your car. These car lights take up low power from your car’s battery and thus creates an exhaustive system around the light and the battery. Providing fresh and bright white light on the road, this LED headlight guide will help you to select the best quality and suitable lights for your vehicle. 
OSRAM LEDrivingHL H4 Gen2
These are low beam bulbs that produce almost 6000k of light. These lights are usually packed in two packs and have universal Compatability. The stock headlights are sized at 9006, HB4, HBU, and 9006xs. The lifespan of these lights is up to 30,000 hours. Another amazing advantage of these car lights is that they come with waterproof housing increasing their overall durability.
SNGL Super Bright LED Headlight Bulbs Conversion Kit
These rain-resistant bulbs emit 6,000K bright light with 55-watt power. They have a beam adjusting technology and are almost 260% brighter than the old Halogen bulbs. The lifespan of these lights lasts up to 50,000 hours. They are very easy to install and can adjust to any output pattern. Though when fixed, the driver can hear the cooling fans. 
Key Features of LED car headlights
Lumens
The strength and the intensity of light are measured in Lumens. LEDs that are with 6,000 – 6,400 lumens and illuminate the road directly over 500 meters are supposed to be adequate for safe driving. Lights that have high intensity of almost 10,000 lumens are as bright as the daylight. Medium ranged intensity LEDs with 8,000 lumens, illuminate at least 700 meters, and if used with brighter colors they create an intense light beam for the vehicle. 
Bulb Color
The color of the car bulb is also one of the factors that decide the brightness of the LED. Generally, the yellow color is avoided by the manufacturers of LED headlights as they do not illuminate the road well and might blind the oncoming drivers. The other end of the spectrum consists of colors like Blue and Purple hued lights which are illegal in many parts of the world. Finally, white color is situated in the middle of the spectrum and is considered best for reasons like brightness, better illumination, and is legal across the world. 
Lifespan 
The halogen car bulbs typically last for only 6000 hours whereas the lifespan of LED car headlights lasts up to 50,000 hours. Due to the cooling systems and low energy consumption, the top-rated LED headlights like OSRAM lasts above 30,000 hours. 
Compatability
It is always advisable to abide by your owner’s manual to understand which LED build is the right fit for your vehicle. To upgrade to LED headlights you will either need to replace the entire headlight system or just get a conversion kit. Please do not purchase the new LED car lights until you are certain about their compatibility with your vehicle. 
It is very tempting and sensible too to upgrade to this newest automotive light technology but make sure you buy from reputed companies. The need to make your car look more refined while increasing its overall efficiency is making many automakers land on opting for LED bulbs for cars. 
Though some LED bulbs cannot be the direct replacement of old Halogen car lights. For that please make sure to fix a heatsink or a cooling fan, so that the light does not melt the bulb socket. 
Don’t forget to align your car-led headlight bulbs after getting them installed. The right position for these car lights is that they should be pointed downwards to the road and a bit to the right. This alignment avoids blinding the oncoming drivers during the night. Do check the government rules and regulations regarding the color and brightness of LED for car headlights. Please be courteous in using the full beam when it is necessary only.



